Bluetooth: peripheral_lbs: Add minimal configuration (#3157)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/peripheral_lbs/README.rst

.. _peripheral_lbs_testing:

Minimal Build
=============

> The sample can be built with a minimum configuration as a demonstration in ways

Reviewer: Please put the sentence in one line (and maybe slightly reword)

```suggestion
The sample can be built with a minimum configuration as a demonstration of how to reduce code size and RAM usage.
```

> of reducing the code size and RAM usage of the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
